*SimpleWorkspaces.txt*    For Vim 8.0 and NeoVim 0.3.* or later.
*clang-format* *clangformat* *SimpleWorkspaces*

                _~
               /_`._ _  _  /_ | | |_  _/_ __  _  _  _     ._ _~
              ._/// / //_///_'|/|//_///\_\/_//_|/_ /_'.|/// / /~
                      /                  /~

==============================================================================
CONTENTS                                             *SimpleWorkspaces-contents*

 1. Description ................................ |SimpleWorkspaces-description|
    1.1 Requirements .......................... |SimpleWorkspaces-requirements|
 2. Installation and Updating ............... |SimpleWorkspaces-installnupdate|
 3. Settings & Commands ........................... |SimpleWorkspaces-settings|
    3.1 Settings .................................. |SimpleWorkspaces-settings|
    3.2 Commands .................................. |SimpleWorkspaces-commands|
    3.3 Mappings .................................. |SimpleWorkspaces-mappings|
 4. Contributing .............................. |SimpleWorkspaces-contributing|

==============================================================================
1. Description                                    *SimpleWorkspaces-description*

SimpleWorkspaces.vim is a simple plugin that provides Visual Studio Code  like
workspace feature to vim and neovim.   Workspaces  are  used  to  add  certain
folders or files to separate working directory, so you can access  files  from
different locations, just like if they are at the same folder.  You  can  read
more about workspaces at Visual Studio Code docs:
`https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/multi-root-workspaces`

Each  workspace  is  stored  with  name  that  consists  of  `workspace_`  and
`getpid()` result. `getpid()` return current vim process ID. For example:

  `workspace_17809`

1.1 Requirements                                 *SimpleWorkspaces-requirements*
----------------

This plugin is tested against Vim 8.0, Vim 7.4.1689  and  NeoVim  0.3.*.   All
other versions are not supported, but might work too.  This plugin works  only
in 'nocompatible' mode.

Windows support is in  initial  state,  feel  free  to  send  reports  if  you
encounter any problems.


==============================================================================
2. Installation and Updating                   *SimpleWorkspaces-installnupdate*

Recommended way to install SimpleWorkspaces  is to use plugin manager, such as
Vundle, vim-plug, dein.nvim or others.  You can still install it  manually  by
cloning master branch from github.  Assuming you're using  vim-plug  add  this
line to your configuration file:

  `Plug 'andreyorst/SimpleWorkspaces.vim'`

Then do:

  `:w | so % | PlugInstall`


==============================================================================
3. Settings & Commands                               *SimpleWorkspaces-settings*

3.1 Settings
------------

These are  global  variables,  which  plugin relies  on  when it operates with
workspaces:

`g:SimpleWorkspaces#prefix`
                         A path where to store workspaces.  May  be  used  for
                         storing  temporary   workspaces  if  set  to   `/tmp/`.
                         Default value `$HOME.'/.cache/vim_workspaces'`

`g:SimpleWorkspaces#open_previous`
                         Open previois used workspace on Vim startup.  Default
                         value is `0`.

`g:SimpleWorkspaces#last_workspace`
                         A path to store path to last used  workspace.   Being
                         used  if  `g:SimpleWorkspaces#open_previous` is set  to
                         positive value. File itself should not be modified by
                         user. Default value  is `$HOME.'/.vim_last_workspace'`.

`g:SimpleWorkspaces#manual_save_path`
                         A path where to save manually saved  workspaces  with
                         |WorkspaceSave|.
                         Default value is `$HOME.'/.vim/saved_workspaces'`.


3.2 Commands                                         *SimpleWorkspaces-commands*
------------

SimpleWorkspaces provides  several  commands  to  manipulate  workspaces,  and
files.

:WorkspaceInit {dir}                                             *WorkspaceInit*
                         Will add current directory to new  workspace. You can
                         also specify which directory to  use.   This  command
                         generates a name for a  workspace  based  on  current
                         Vim Process ID, and  creates `.workspace`  file in this
                         workspace.  This  file  contains  workspace name, and
                         creation date.  Workspace without such  file  is  not
                         valid.

:WorkspaceOpen {workspace}                                       *WorkspaceOpen*
                         Opens  existing  workspace.  Supports  completion  of
                         existing workspaces by name, or path to workspace  as
                         argument, if no argument given,  asks  if  you  would
                         like to open workspace by path or name.

:WorkspaceAdd {file}                                              *WorkspaceAdd*
                         Adds directory or  file to  current workspace.  If no
                         active workspace found it will ask if you would  like
                         to create  new  workspace,  and  will  init  it  with
                         current directory, and then  add  desired  directory.

:WorkspaceDelete {file}                                        *WorkspaceDelete*
                         Works opposite to `WorkspaceAdd`.  It can  remove files
                         and folders only from the workspace, and  should  not
                         be  used  to  remove  files   from   added   folders.

:WorkspaceQuit                                                   *WorkspaceQuit*
                         Exits workspace  to directory  which  you were before
                         workspace was opened.

:WorkspaceSave {name}                                            *WorkspaceSave*
                         Save workspace with a meaningful name.   If  no  save
                         path configured, will ask where to save.


==============================================================================
4. Contributing                                  *SimpleWorkspaces-contributing*

If you found a bug, or want to implement a new feature or simplify/extend an
existing one, feel free to send pull requests to SimpleWorkspaces GitHub
repository.

You can contribute by fixing or reporting bugs in our issue tracker:
https://github.com/andreyorst/SimpleWorkspaces.vim/issues


==============================================================================
 vim:tw=78:ts=8:ft=help:norl:nornu:nonu:scl=no


